Intelligent-content-recommendation/ai-engine/README.md, before:

# AI Engine

The AI Engine is a core component of the Intelligent Content Recommendation System. It is responsible for processing data, generating recommendations, and providing intelligent insights.

## Features

- **Data Processing**: Handles input data and prepares it for analysis.
- **Recommendation Generation**: Uses machine learning models to generate personalized content recommendations.
- **Scalability**: Designed to handle large datasets efficiently.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/your-repo/Intelligent-content-recommendation.git
    ```
2. Navigate to the AI Engine directory:
    ```bash
    cd Intelligent-content-recommendation/ai-engine
    ```
3. Install dependencies:
    ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

## Usage

Run the AI Engine:
```bash
python main.py
```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please follow the [contribution guidelines](../CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](../LICENSE).

Commit message:

updated README.md for ai-engine

Intelligent-content-recommendation/ai-engine/README.md, after:

# AI Engine

The AI Engine is a core component of the Intelligent Content Recommendation System. It is responsible for processing data, generating recommendations, and providing intelligent insights.

## Features

- **Data Processing**: Handles input data and prepares it for analysis.
- **Recommendation Generation**: Uses machine learning models to generate personalized content recommendations.
- **Scalability**: Designed to handle large datasets efficiently.

## Architecture

The AI Engine processes input data, applies machine learning models, and generates personalized content recommendations. It is designed to handle large datasets efficiently using techniques such as batching and parallel processing.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/your-repo/Intelligent-content-recommendation.git
    ```
2. Navigate to the AI Engine directory:
    ```bash
    cd Intelligent-content-recommendation/ai-engine
    ```
3. Install dependencies:
    ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

## Usage

Run the AI Engine:
```bash
python main.py
